List Of Mountains Tags:LocationDJzombiehunter Summary Alot of the Spawn Region is flat, with large plateaus surrounding it. There are some mountains, but not many, most small in size, or part of larger plateaus. Spawn City Region Mount Colina The mountain that The Borderlands and part of Cublak View are built on. The mountain has an excellent view of Spawn City and it's surrounding regions. Mount Cublak More info about Mount Cublak and its surrounding regions is located here Mount Painpar Named after an old player of the server, @bredtalk, this mountain used to be their and their groups home, until it was blown up at least. The name comes from a butchering of a french translation of bredtalk's name, being pain (bread) parle (talk), hence painpar. Having the word "pain" in it definitely helps it cause too as this mountain is less of a slop and more of a vertical drop off a cliff. Cublak Plateau The Cublak Plateau covers most - if not all - of the region north of Spawn City. Containing Mount Cublak, Mount Painpar, Mount Colina, and all of the surrounding regions being quite a lot higher up that Spawn City, it lives up to its name. Magmaosa Range A lavacast on the edge of Downtown Spawn City, merging with a part of an existing mountain nearby. It was voted to keep the lavacast after we couldnt find who did it. Its still a mystery to this day, but it created the INBESTIGATORS and was on the tail end of the Great Escalation. Spawn Caldera Less of a mountain, more of a dead mountain. A caldera is made from a dead volcano, and due to how spawn city is located, it looks like it is right in the center of a giant caldera. Also comes from an old ImDeity town called Caldera